[DOCS] Document breaking changes in Lucene that caused EQL rule issues (#2357)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.0.asciidoc

[[known-issue-8.0.1]]
==== Known issues
* An {endpoint-sec} integration bug prevents benign Windows files from being deleted under certain circumstances.

> * A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause errors whenever regular expressions are included in EQL queries. This bug affects users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x and are using event correlation rules. To resolve this issue, use triple quotes `""" """` for regular expressions in event correlation rule queries.

Reviewer: It may be my own unfamiliarity with this, but "use triple quotes for regular expressions" wasn't clear to me -- I needed to dig into the originating SDH, look at some examples before I got it. Maybe "enclose in triple quotes" or similar?
```suggestion
* A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause errors whenever regular expressions are included in EQL queries. This bug affects users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x and are using event correlation rules. To resolve this issue, enclose regular expressions in triple quotes `""" """` in event correlation rule queries.
```

Author: This might work and it actually sounds clearer - @peluja1012 @e40pud what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me!

> * A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause errors whenever regular expressions are included in EQL queries. This bug affects users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x and are using event correlation rules. To resolve this issue, use triple quotes `""" """` for regular expressions in event correlation rule queries.

Author: ```suggestion
* A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause EQL rule errors whenever rule queries contain regular expressions using wildcard fields and predefined character classes (for example, `\w`, `\s`, `\d`).
```

On macOS versions before 12.4, if {elastic-endpoint} is used with other products that monitor or manage network traffic (such as antivirus programs, firewalls, or VPNs), users might experience network connection issues. To resolve this issue, upgrade to macOS 12.4 or later.

*Lucene 9 validation change may affect EQL rules*

> A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause errors whenever regular expressions are included in EQL queries. This bug affects users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x and are using event correlation rules. To resolve this issue, use triple quotes `""" """` for regular expressions in event correlation rule queries.

Author: ```suggestion
A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause EQL rule errors whenever rule queries contain regular expressions using wildcard fields and predefined character classes (for example, `\w`, `\s`, `\d`).
```

. Click *Bulk actions -> Enable* to re-enable the rules.

Alternatively, you can use the <<bulk-actions-rules-api-action, Bulk rule actions>> API to re-enable rules.

*Lucene 9 validation change may affect EQL rules*

> A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause errors whenever regular expressions are included in EQL queries. This bug affects users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x and are using event correlation rules. To resolve this issue, use triple quotes `""" """` for regular expressions in event correlation rule queries.

Author: ```suggestion
A new Lucene 9 validation change may cause EQL rule errors whenever rule queries contain regular expressions using wildcard fields and predefined character classes (for example, `\w`, `\s`, `\d`).
```
